angular-tour-of-heroes/README.md, before:

# Angular Tour of Heroes

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.7.4.


## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`.
The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.


## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component.
You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.


## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. 
The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. 
Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

See the results with `npm run start:dist`.


## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).


## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).


## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Document a couple of ways to run Protractor tests

angular-tour-of-heroes/README.md, after:

# Angular Tour of Heroes

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.7.4.


## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`.
The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.


## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component.
You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.


## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. 
The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. 
Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

See the results with `npm run start:dist`.


## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).


## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

Protractor tests can also be run in WebStorm with an already-running web server:

- Start serving the web application with `ng serve` (or `npm start`).
- Run the Protractor test in WebStorm like you would for any other spec.  It will connect to the default port, automatically.


## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
